This is a head-gum original.
Let me tell you what's not going to happen today.
See that everybody versus Jeff show.
Not today.
I can't fucking handle it.
I'm off two coffees.
I'm having a great day and if this sours it,
it's going to be because of you guys.
Because I'm prepared.
I'm glad.
You stopped a sentence before a period.
They didn't end.
Because we have so much to get to.
I'm stressed a little bit.
Let's get started then.
Let's get started.
We should say that on the show is Grace and Wise at Great KY's.
Shelby Wolstein at Shelby J. Wolstein.
Just Shelby Wolstein.
But J is my middle-next show.
That's ****.
Oh my god.
And I'm here blue and filled bringing up the rear.
Let's start ourselves off with a bond of the week.
My pick is going to be Lucy and Baj.
The late Lucy and Baj.
I should say.
Nice.
Yeah.
I'm checking to ask who that is.
You guys aren't interested at all.
Grace and kind of did.
Grace and you just might.
I don't know who that is.
But I'm not interested in finding out.
Okay.
I think I, I think I'll hear it.
Hear it.
Tell us.
You don't know.
Now I don't think you know.
I'm here.
You used to live at First and First in New York, right?
Uh-huh.
Across the street from where you used to live.
As far as I understand it.
Is.
New York's last bastion of writer's salons.
All right.
Artists and hangouts.
We're talking Lucy and.
Started by the one and only late Lucy and Baj.
This was the art worlds.
Hangout during the naughty oddies.
The thousands.
People would go curators.
Visual artists, writers, actors, musicians.
All of downtown's denizens of your.
Would congregate.
At a Parisian.
Brassory.
I'm sorry to even say.
But like the wine flowed as free as conversation.
And Lucy and would kind of house it.
Not all.
Reading a New Yorker article from 1998.
I this morning read an article on garage.
By one of their great writers, Nate Freeman.
And it really kind of is an oral history of Lucy and.
But how she curated not only art.
But an environment to discuss it.
This is no offense to Nate the writer.
But I didn't care about it at all.
Yeah.
I think it's interesting enough that the dead man who.
Did tell a lot of tales at his own restaurant.
Which would be the next James.
Devilos 7.
Great.
Some who's your pick for bond of the week.
Also Shelby we should say that bond of the week is.
It's like we've been doing on and off.
We're every week.
We're going to.
Pick our.
Personal casting decision on who should be the next.
James Bond.
On and out.
It's feels like every week for the last six months.
We're scraping the bottom of the barrel for weeks and weeks at this.
At this point.
Well, casting is yet to make a decision.
You know that they're probably actually doing this at MGM by the way.
Yeah, I'm gonna buy that one.
Lance Bass, Lance Bass.
Wow, I got one.
I got one.
In sync.
Lance Bass.
Yeah.
I think.
He was gonna be an astronaut for a minute.
A bass.
He's cutting.
He was getting.
Oh, what?
He was gonna be a bass astronaut.
Lance Bass.
Bass, astronaut.
Let's play Bass, throw not.
So we have to decide whether this person is coming on.
That's 10 times better than any shitty game you've come up with.
Oh, my god.
All the greatest hits are happening right now.
Do you have a reason or do you just want to leave it at Bass?
No, I want Lance Bass to be the new bond.
Because I think that he was going to like go to space gives him sort of the air of mystery
that a bond needs to have.
Yeah, like he was down for the adventure or not.
Yeah, but I think like his energy is far more approachable than other bonds in the past
and in that way, you might get in a whole new viewership.
Okay.
Maybe you're more welcome in to watching the bond movies.
Bass, double of seven, you know.
Amir says keep going.
My zoom just died new batteries.
My bond is Quincy Isaiah.
Who is that?
He's typing in the chat.
This is, yeah, he's in the winning time.
Is that a movie or?
It just sounds like, yeah.
Oh, a new show.
Got it.
All right.
Great.
Okay.
Watch.
Yep.
I'm going to go with James A. Castor.
Just mostly because he's already got the name down.
Right.
Like a big part of it.
Well, it could be any James.
Because it's not like his name is James Bond.
No, but it's close.
So on set, they could just say James and he's already in character.
Thank you to that with James Baldwin.
They could do it with James Baldwin.
Whoa.
I almost hit something so dark, which is that it should be James Baldwin.
Because he can already handle it gun.
If we're going to go with the James thing from before.
I have a few things that I wanted to just wax about.
We kind of already talked about this off air shall be.
Never.
What?
It was, I was going to say Shelby's, the waxing point is Shelby's new digs.
And I wanted to talk about your new house.
But you already got to tell me about it.
And I don't, I don't want to simply hear it again.
It's so funny to say new house.
And this is all I have.
It's like a complete wall.
No art.
I'm like, we've really done it up.
I love the place.
Yeah.
Let's talk about this instead.
You kicked it off in terms of recording at the new headgun.
Physical studio at the LA studio.
Yeah.
It looks great.
It sounds great.
How did you feel any advice for me?
I loved it.
It's a blast in there.
My one word of advice would be, don't put a drink where the microphone on the table where the microphones are.
Because it is not stable at all.
Right.
And in that way, it'll fall over.
Yeah.
With just a gust of wind.
So having a drink there makes it really dangerous for ruining equipment that costs a lot of money.
Hmm.
How windy is the studio?
It is.
It's life.
Like have you ever been in like Iowa and tornado season?
So the windy is possible place on the face of the earth.
And your text is I'm back, but it doesn't seem like it.
No, yeah, I'm here now.
I'm doing good.
Oh, I'm looking at the rain.
This is the rain out of bed.
This is the weather.
Watch out, watch out.
Watch out.
That's the weather.
That's sort of what it felt like when you were coming back was like, watch out, watch out, watch out.
It's the rain.
Watch out, watch out.
Watch out.
So.
Yeah.
I'm really confident.
It's really good.
Oh, really.
It's a.
It's cold brew that I buy in a jar and then I add full fat.
And it's almost like a creamer.
There's so it's such a thick oat milk that like you don't have to add a lot.
And it goes the long way.
You don't have to add sugar because it's already sweetened.
Yeah.
And you don't have to add canola oil either because that's in there.
Excuse me.
Canola oil isn't an oatmeal, which is one of the reasons why it's so thick and
congealed because it's actually really bad for you.
Your body can't physically break down.
Canola oil vegetable oil in any way.
So unless you're taking vitamin E.
You're actually poisoning yourself.
Um.
Yeah.
It doesn't feel like I'm poisoning myself.
It isn't.
So that's small amounts.
But.
It's not.
We're always poisoning ourselves.
Whether it's through food, gastronomy, really, or.
Conversation.
Like right now.
Gray.
It's in KY's.
Um, let's talk about your gym.
Do you want to plug your gym?
We've never given you the platform really to tell people in the Denver area.
Well, typically bulldozer color auto.
Yeah.
It's basically Johnny right now because he's in Colorado.
Did you go to the gym?
Sorry.
I mean, yeah.
No.
He hasn't.
Even though we definitely talked about it.
But yeah.
Rocky Mountain Athletics.
Mountain spelled MTN.
So just get rid of all the vowels in there.
That's cool.
Check it out on Instagram.
Or if you're in the Denver area at 1921 Federal Boulevard.
You're missing an end.
What's that?
If you take all the vowels out of mountain.
There's two S.
Yeah.
Well, we're not going to change it at this point.
No, that's totally fair.
And I think probably like the more common one is to say MTN.
And I guess it's always sort of one of your vowels and one of the consequences in Venice.
Okay.
So I want to talk about that.
Do you want to say anything more about it?
Okay.
Blacks point here is Grayson's gym slash habits.
Because if not, we'll move on to your habits.
Oh, yeah.
No.
I guess I could just just try to delay talking about my habits for as long as possible now.
Well, we don't want to eat up too much time because the next one is a mirror's fears.
Okay.
I'm just going to get through it.
I guess get through it as fast as you want.
Yeah.
Okay.
What do your habits?
You know, wake up.
That's a big habit of mind.
Do that.
I do that every day.
How do you stay consistent with shut up over here?
How do you stay consistent with that?
With waking up?
Hell.
Yeah.
Because like, one of the, for me, the hardest part about like staying fit is like,
consistency.
So how do you stay consistent with that first habit?
Yeah.
I would, I don't know if waking up is sort of like a fitness habit.
So those things.
But sleep is like the most important thing I thought.
Yeah.
But sleep.
The waking up is the opposite of sleep.
So that's actually unhealthy.
Yeah.
And I guess if you never wake up, it doesn't matter if your body's good.
Exactly.
Okay.
Second habit.
Work out.
That one is that is that one's fitness related.
That's tough.
Yeah.
Do you do that one?
Or sometimes.
You need, should I be like your personal trainer?
Should we talk about this offline?
We should talk about it online and yeah.
Okay.
All right.
It's like three to four times a week until they got really cold in New York.
And I wasn't living near the gym.
So then I started going once a week.
And now I haven't been in almost three weeks.
So again, consistency.
I know.
That's like that's fucked up about it.
I've been going to vital.
But in LA, I go to a basically equivalent of that.
Gotcha.
You're a big climber.
Yeah.
Socialy specifically.
Not with me.
I've never been invited.
Invitaled.
But I see.
That's also not true.
We've been there together.
Yeah.
That was an accident.
Jake invited me.
And I didn't know you were going to be there.
Oh.
Let's wrap it up with one last habit that you do.
That's healthy or not.
Oh, healthy or not.
We'll go in the knot side and drinking alcohol.
Yeah.
Because that's sort of that truly is poison.
Bring it full circle to poisoning.
Yeah.
Do drink every day?
Uh, no.
I mean, well, I drink every day.
I don't drink alcohol every day.
That was easy.
Nice.
You're going to be singing a different tune in a couple seconds here.
I mean, because we have to actually dive into your spheres.
We don't actually have to do anything.
Just because you said that doesn't mean we actually have to do it.
I mean, I'm down to discuss spheres.
But like, I don't want you to think you're forcing my hand or requiring anything of me.
I don't respect you.
I don't care for you or for what you have to say.
I'll do it if it means the end product of the show is better.
But it's not because you've sort of asked me to.
But right.
If anything, I'm doing it.
You care about the show.
Because the show, yes, I care about the vice versa.
You sort of cornered me into a checkmate situation where I'm accidentally forced to care
about your opinion.
So I will talk about my, I guess one of my fears is trying to is giving you the respect slash
confidence you need to succeed because I don't want to have a part in that if that makes sense.
Okay.
Yeah.
I don't want one day for you to have gotten further ahead.
In this or any business and think back, I'm glad I'm your help to you get there.
I don't want to give you that adaboy that praise.
I don't want to like pat your back.
I want to stand on your shoulders and keep you down.
I want to push you lower.
I love you backwards.
Sure.
My goal is that when I leave this here earth, you're back to being ahead of you.
I'm in turn.
Unpaid.
Really?
Yeah.
How do you escape like the legality of that?
Because like, I'm down for that.
But like, I'm just going to put the cost.
I want this to be your peak right now or you are right now.
I want this to be the highlight of your Lord.
Because it's not even going.
That's right.
It's going fine.
Exactly.
And I want this to be the halfway point you turn around and you start marching a
slag back towards the beginning of wherever you were at like an age 12.
Okay.
Because I got a raise.
I got a raise in October after like years.
Yes.
Having any raise.
And so then you don't get.
Let's the opposite of a raise.
A demotion.
Yeah.
Demotion.
Yes.
But like, demotion is the opposite of promotion.
I want to give you a lower motion.
I want to give you a lower.
I think I want to give you a lower.
Okay.
Yeah.
My other view is mice.
Not really a fan of the skiddish sort of like quick little quick twitch nature of
something like a mouse.
We have to give on.
Welcome to Frojo or not.
Okay.
So.
These are folks.
I'm not Frojo.
Next.
I'm here.
Come on.
Let's fucking play along a little bit.
You don't have to go on.
I did.
That's ice cream.
Incorrect.
This is going to be Frojo.
It's going to be.
That's also ice cream.
There's no way.
Frojo does not.
Correct.
That's ice cream.
What about this?
That's so bad.
That's raspberry.
Frozen yogurt.
See?
That's ice cream.
Nutella Frojo.
By the way, just because it's not soft serve doesn't mean that it's not frozen yogurt.
Fucking idiot.
Frozen.
Major killer.
This one feels like frozen yogurt.
That one is correct.
Frozen yogurt.
That's exactly rice.
Speaking of rice milk.
That's rice.
That's right.
That's cream.
Absolutely correct.
It's going to be hard.
Chotto rice milk ice cream.
This one stuff.
Are you guys seeing like multiple like pictures like there's
Yeah, but that's actually sort of fun to me.
That's what you guys agree.
Sort of like a mosaic.
Nice.
Yes.
I'm going to say ice cream again.
Correct.
Here we go.
Fuck.
Looks a little creamy in a way that makes me think this is Frojo.
That's correct.
What about this?
This is a no alternative.
Mass.
This is not correct.
That's an old milk.
Mass.
Let's see.
The game's not Frojo or ice cream.
It's just Frojo or not.
So that is actually that is mass potatoes.
Was it?
I don't know.
No.
It's banana.
Ice cream.
That looks good actually.
This is ice cream.
Correct.
This is whipped cream.
That's coconut.
Yeah.
Coconut.
It's really what?
Oh, are you mad at us for laughing?
That's ice cream.
We finally got to a place where we were giggling.
Thanks for playing.
I think you got mad at me the game.
That's supposed to take fucking ten minutes.
It took three to half.
You have to relax at all.
Let's go back to Grace's habits.
Grace and another habit.
I gave you all my habits.
Well, then Shelby's habits.
Let's fucking feel time again.
Shelby's fears.
Being put on the spot.
And now we can't hear.
And now we can hear.
And this one's not even my fault.
She's muted in the audience.
I'm here.
How do you feel about rats?
Scary as well.
There's never been a rat in my apartment.
But like when you walk by like a pile of trash in New York City.
And you just see one just like dart out.
That's fucking terrifying.
Well, there can't be a rat inside because rats are outside and mice are inside.
Yeah.
I mean, I guess there could be like rats can find a way.
But usually mice are the ones that are like small enough to fit through the cracks.
But I think like if one comes inside, it then is a mouse.
So as soon as they enter.
Yeah.
By definition, right?
Kind of like how cats are just female dogs.
Exactly.
It's Jeff gone.
I feel like if rats wanted you that could take over.
Like if rats were able to communicate and mobilize,
that could probably take over the very least Manhattan.
Like they all find the way inside and bite people in their sleep.
That would sort of create a new mass pandemic.
It would seem it would be like a plague.
I think it might actually be a plague because don't rats.
Didn't rats like carry the plague in the first place?
Yeah.
The bubonic plague.
That's true.
It was like it was rats.
So yeah, that could actually just be the plague.
In the first plague.
In the first.
Carried.
All right.
No.
Turn your camera back up.
Wait.
Shelby, we still can't hear you.
We can.
You might be recording locally.
People can hear you.
But we can't hear you right now.
I don't know why.
Jeff, it's happy or something.
Full steam ahead.
A lot of technical difficulties.
Just like they did.
You might be able to get the dust in the middle of the show.
Yeah.
Now we can't quite hear Shelby.
My headphones weren't working earlier.
I don't know.
This is one of few.
You're gonna run.
No.
It's not.
By the way.
I was gonna say this is one of a few episodes
where it's going poorly because of the guests.
All right.
You were going to say what you said it.
Oh, what is this?
This is a new Shelby.
Double Shelby.
She's connecting with the house.
She's connecting with audio, separate from the video.
This is incredible.
Well, she's back.
Can you hear me now?
Yeah.
Watch out, watch out, watch out, watch out.
Shelby, you missed a dance break.
And then us talking about how this is kind of heading south,
not because it may be because of technical difficulties.
Well, before I left and had to come back,
they were talking about a lot about rats.
And what I want to say is the reason I don't think rats can take
over the world is because of the way that they accidentally
get their little tails tangled up and then that kills them.
I mean, rat kings.
The rat, when a rat came and created that is, yes,
I am discussing rat kings, but I'm discussing how rat kings
actually take the ability for a rat uprising out of the equation.
Interesting.
What about let's go back?
Sorry, I'm here.
Yeah.
Great.
Let's go to you.
I was going to in response.
I'm not familiar with this phenomenon.
I was going to ask for a clarification.
Oh, it's really, truly haunting.
Does that answer your question?
Yep.
I'm here.
What about rat king coal?
What about me?
That.
It's so it's the rat king, right?
So like five rats with their tails tied together.
Yeah.
But it's rat king coal.
So they're singing that low V.
Yes, yes, or whatever, whatever song that like
rat king coal is known for, but it's five rats sort of
picks our style in a wheel spinning around,
building a tune spinning a yarn.
I like it.
Is there anything to that?
There's maybe like a merch opportunity, but we'd
have to turn it into like an actual bit in the next
probably five-day minutes where people like think
it's really funny.
Interesting.
So like sort of hammer home, the fact that it's an
inside joke of sorts.
Yeah.
It's like, oh, and then, oh, what's rat and then they want it?
And there's like, oh, it's this podcast.
I wasn't too.
They had gun podcast.
They did this bit.
And sometimes they bring it back.
They call back to it.
And it's like this really funny.
You know, play on words sure, but then they
turn it into like a really smart bit.
That's like just kind of funny.
But we didn't do that because it's like, you said,
rat, you said rat king coal, and that was all you had.
As a starting point, and then we can take it from there,
waxing or waiting philosophical about it.
I think there's something there.
And I'll say, I'll say, I'll back a mirror up on that.
We all think there's something there, but it's like,
it's on one of those, so it doesn't matter who, but like,
to kind of take it forward a little bit.
Isn't this your podcast in a way?
Yeah, but that's why I didn't do it by myself.
You know, you can't have a podcast.
You didn't build that.
That was a Barack Obama reference when did you know we know.
Yeah.
He was just saying teamwork makes the dream work.
Basically, what he should have said.
I mean, he said, hold on, I'm getting a call.
There's no way it's important.
I might, I famously might get a call during this podcast.
Yeah, we should also say that a, tell me, you might have a mattress.
You said, Hicked up.
So not even dropped off.
What do you mean picked, who's picking up a mattress?
Also, she's freezing.
Grayson, so we should also say that Grayson edits the video aspect
of the headgon podcast.
So like, this is our worst nightmare.
This is going terribly.
And it's recorded locally on my laptop, which means that
we're not going to get sourced video from her.
Am I still freezing?
I picked up.
Yes, you are.
And we have to power through because otherwise it's going to be harder to edit.
I'm here's on a good.
I'm good right now.
I'm here's on a phone call.
Shelby.
Am I good?
Am I good right now?
Kind of, not really.
I can't tell you why this would be happening.
Do you understand that?
Why you directly anger at me?
Because where else would it go?
You know what I mean?
If you're in Los Angeles on Thursday, I'm back.
Sorry.
I was, I got a, I got a call.
Fairly important when you re-enter from that.
When you re-enter from a call, don't unmute and immediately start talking.
Unmute and listen to see if something else is happening.
Because I was about to just plug Shelby and I show at Lyric Hyperion
on Thursday, March 24th.
I thought you wanted to be your frozen.
I don't live in New York.
I'm going back in a week, not even six days.
Why?
Don't like, there's, all you would chewed you up and spit you out.
You moved in New York for a reason.
There's no reason to, uh, I'm sorry if I'm,
I'm not meaning this to sound like rooted all,
you shouldn't, there's nothing for you here and you shouldn't be here.
You should be, yeah, I mean, if the same thing will happen in New York
and hasn't happened yet, so enjoy that little fucking fantasy
that you're playing out, but I don't see a world where you're not back in Ohio
by the end of this year early next.
Don't, yeah, the show sounds fun.
I guess Shelby feels bad for you in a way.
She definitely doesn't need you to do it.
She, this isn't like the headgump podcast or anything.
And Shelby, I will do the show with you, um, instead, just a sort of
give Jeffrey an out or to give, if you don't want necessarily you have to be there.
You have to come, but he doesn't need to host, obviously.
Oh my god.
We're starting the fucking show all over.
No, we still have to do what we've done.
We're still doing, probably, or not.
Oh, I spun his spin for that diet drive.
Welcome to another edition of the headgump podcast on this week's episode.
We have Grace and Wise, Acric Gay Wise.
We have Shelby, we will soon as an adjective.
Shelby, Jay Westy.
Half an hour in.
Oh, wait, no, that.
Can we have a mirror blue and fell, bringing up the rear?
I think we lost Shelby again, by the way.
Yeah.
Can't hear you, yeah.
This is crazy.
Oh, she's gone.
Yeah, she'll be back.
Just pushing those.
Oh, she can hear about technical difficulties for the name of this episode.
Yeah, we can probably punch it up.
What about, um, hang on.
Am I back?
Yeah, you're back, baby.
You're back.
Who knows why this is happening?
And I can't wait to find out after this recording.
We'll do it during the headgump podcast post game show.
Okay, perfect.
Shelby and I host that and we sort of go over what went wrong and why.
And Wise, with Grace.
So a lot, we, we've been working on gay.
If you guys know any psychologists that want to talk about what's going on with Jeff,
that's been a big thing that we've been trying to hunt down for that podcast.
Let's diagnose him.
Yeah, well, just see what's going on.
I don't want to say diagnose.
He has only child syndrome, but also a sister.
So it doesn't wait.
Makes sense.
Yeah.
Trying to get to the bottom of that.
Your needy.
Some people have supportive friends and I wonder what that feels like.
Co-workers.
Yeah.
What's the, uh,
Shelby, what's the show?
He said Lyric Hyperion.
Jeopardy!
Yeah, Lyric Hyperion.
March 24.
Are you hearing this?
Yeah, we hear you.
Yeah.
Okay.
Welcome to Jeff Hardy's springtime edition.
This, uh, our categories are
Tax Day, dieting ideas, spring break, French nonsense, and, uh, naughty Grayson.
Who starts?
Shelby, you muted yourself.
Let's start with you now.
Diding ideas for 200.
Are you sure?
That one's the hardest one on the board.
Well, that doesn't make sense because of the scoring system.
Diding for 200.
The ideal body fat percentage for Jeff.
I'm here.
Two for that.
That would result in my death.
If I maintain that for more than a day.
15%.
Forty.
I would also be at risk five.
The correct answer was what is a hurtful thing to wax about?
Yeah, it's not going to go right.
It's like kind of a game.
It's Jeff.
I forgot to put it in the form of a question.
Why won't you die?
All right, uh, Grayson controls the board for no reason.
Uh, French nonsense for 100, please.
Really?
No, uh, spring break for 200.
Brace break, have this lunched out.
Yeah.
Bechimi line.
Shelby.
What is the line outside that store?
That's good.
Good. Sure.
But um,
the problem with this game is you have to think how you think,
which is an impossible feat.
That's not an easy act.
In fact, that you think that there's a category of how I would think would be
kind of interesting.
Thank you.
Up, go, Bob, decided.
The kimi line.
Do we all have to guess?
Because that's not, how do you ever do you work?
What does Jeff wax on the rat?
I meant to say on the reg.
What does Jeff wax on the rag is?
These are waxing related.
No.
American trolls are the board,
because he's losing interest and I need to keep his attention.
Let's try wax day for 200.
Oh, sorry, tax day.
Tax day for 200.
Tuesday, April 19th.
What is?
When Jeff will do his taxes and it'll result in him getting elite penalties.
This is crazy.
Yes, that's correct.
Or sorry, I meant to do this.
There you go.
Yeah.
I hate that I got it right.
Yeah, I'm here patrols the board.
Here we go.
You're turning me into you,
because the first step is trying to get me to think like you.
And you're turning me into you.
Yeah, once I'm stuck there,
you can pull some sort of switcheru.
Let's try French nonsense for 100.
French nonsense for 100.
One of France's biggest exports.
Please silence your phones.
I'll ask his 50 minutes out of here,
guys is fucking entire week in this.
You can't even silence your phone.
You can check your phone,
but fucking put it on silence.
What is we forgot to do?
I think we'll be right back.
And we're back.
I'm here.
One of France's biggest exports.
This is French nonsense for 100.
Fucking with Jack Ricker.
Um, sexual confidence.
What is sexual?
C'mon.
Anybody else want to guess?
You don't have to.
According to Grayson.
What is wax?
Hmm.
Was that the first half second of the curb theme song?
I'm sorry.
Wait, was it was that right?
No, it was the first half second of the curb theme song.
Okay, a little sub-jeopardy happening.
Correct.
Double-jeopardy, really?
Grayson.
Anybody's nonsense?
Shelby?
I already guessed wax, given the sort of theme that's been going on.
The cred answer is, what are lazy bricks?
Okay.
All right, Shelby seems upset.
So let's give her control of the board.
Spring break 100.
Spring break for 100.
Payed Patron for sure.
What's Jeff ordering at the bar?
I guess I'll give you that one.
Uh, it's what is the coolest to kill it to own.
I don't want the point.
You wouldn't order that.
Shelby controls the board yet again.
And might I add?
That was easy.
Diding ideas for 100.
The best way to shed some LBs.
Move to New York for a couple weeks.
I'm reading it as linebackers and I'm going to say,
what is cut them?
Oh, that's good.
That's good.
Incorrect, but I'm going to give it to you.
What is any way that's sustainable and makes you feel good in your body?
Uh, giving it to Grayson just for creativity.
I guess also kind of make the game kind of fair.
Yeah, that's what a Grayson can.
Uh, French nonsense for 300.
French nonsense for 300.
The hardest thing to find in France.
What is not a lazy prick?
Uh, again, I'll give it to him.
It's what is a good time.
What's wrong with France to you?
What's that?
It seems awesome to be there between Paris and like,
when I say what's that, I sometimes can't hear you.
So maybe you say it a little louder.
What did you have a bad time in France once?
Why are you mad at them?
I got yelled at by a shaperum.
A shaperum.
So it's always a high school trip.
It was a high school trip.
It was an extra curricular trip where you could pay money to go on a school trip
to go to France and learn.
It was like immersion, not therapy.
So your shaper isn't a lenders.
Starting a border on what I said this show wasn't going to be today,
which is everybody versus Jeff.
Shelby controls the board.
Let's fucking go.
Was the shaperone French?
She was my French teacher.
And she was like, okay.
Fucking delight in class.
And then suddenly she thought that I did something that I didn't do.
I don't even remember what it was.
But she pulled me aside.
She yelled at me.
And I said, oh, that, like, that's, I didn't do that.
That wasn't, even if I did, I would never do that.
Right?
All right, spring break for 300.
This is fucked.
Spring break for 300.
Watching spring breakers from afar because you went to Punta Kana by himself.
Who is Jeff?
That's correct.
It's what is Jeff's favorite spring break memory.
Shelby controls the board.
Just a little score update for our audio listeners.
Grayson and Shelby tie for first and 400.
Amir Blumenfeld bring up the rear 200.
Which, by the way, that means he mirrors in third place,
because when there's a tie, you have to skip the next one.
French nonsense for 200.
A French tradition.
Yelling a Jeff.
What is, and again, I'm just quoting Jeff quote,
being a lazy prick.
But that's not actually what I think.
Ask cargo.
I'll give you that one.
Oh, sorry.
What?
What is smelling like utter ass?
I don't want points for that.
Grayson just wants to go over it.
Diding ideas for 300.
It's interesting that we've been wholly avoiding.
No, he won't be run out of time.
I think Grayson's the only one that can say naughty Grayson's.
Diding ideas for 300.
Nice beach body.
What is something Jeff's never heard in his life?
Because he's constantly struggling with the ability
to consistently exercise or some shit like that.
What is any body that you're comfortable in?
That's the best.
Oh, the points, but that's incorrect.
Oh, I thought that based on your last one, I thought it was going to be right.
What is what a mirror has?
We were looking for what is an inappropriate thing for Jeff to send a Casey Donahue.
One of the headgums newest hires over Slack.
Private message, by the way.
Yeah, that would be.
Yeah, that was.
Shelby controls the board.
Okay, seems crazy.
Tax day for 100.
Tax day for 100, aiming low, Monday, April 18th.
When Jeff should have done his taxes, bye.
I'll give you that. It's when his tax day.
Shelby's still controls the board.
Tax day for 300.
Tax day for three young.
I nine.
A form.
Uh, what is how a nine year old tells you how old.
That was to Shelby Grayson, let's hear it.
What is how a nine year old tells you his age?
I'll give you that.
It's close enough.
It's actually one of the ideal initials to have.
No way.
What would that person's name be?
Isaiah nine.
You have to be like Elon Musk.
So I say, I say, and then the number nine, but initialize, it would be the number.
Yeah.
Isaiah nine.
I see.
So worst time to control the board.
Isaiah, yeah, Grayson controls the board.
Let's, uh, could I have, could I have naughty for 100?
Not a Grayson 200.
Got pegs probably.
Who is Johnny Villa?
In fact.
40 minutes of silence.
Is the answer just Grayson?
I'll give you that one.
Shelby, uh, the answer is we were like, what did Grayson do on his 21st birthday?
Okay.
Shelby controls the board.
By the way, score out of it.
Shelby and Grayson neck and neck.
Grayson in 1st with 900 Shelby.
And second with 800, it's impossible at this point for a year to catch up.
I want to defer my choice to amere.
This is Grayson.
I'm here control, let's go, uh, and G for 200.
That's not a category on which one of me naughty for 2, not what Grayson for 200.
All right.
Because the second bedroom is his red room, so to speak.
Why does Grayson live in a 2 bedroom?
That's correct.
That's a 2 that we've actually gotten word for word today.
Shelby, how many of you know that?
That it context close.
Not a Grayson for 300 did E probably.
What did Grayson do for his 22nd birthday?
Incorrect, but close.
What did Grayson do for his 21st birthday?
Incorrect, but in colder.
What did Grayson do for his 30th birthday?
Right track, though.
Wait, who?
I can't because Grayson you're 26.
5 26.
I'm 25.
Oh, what did Grayson do for his 25th birthday?
26.
Just like us, yeah.
27.
28.
It's past tense.
18.
What happened the night Grayson's future?
Herobard.
Concealed for child.
Stop it.
Oh, Lord.
Come on.
What did Grayson do for his 24th birthday?
Correct.
That was easy.
That's going to conclude for lack of better term, Jeopardy.
And I'm going to call it Jeopardy.
Jeopardy.
I misspoke.
That was Jeopardy.
She'll be one with a thousand points.
I have a hundred and seventy dollars in my bank account,
so I cannot spend more you than a thousand dollars,
but let's just act like it was a fun time.
Sorry, she's fucking Christ.
Plugs.
What do you guys have going on?
What do you want to point to people to the floor?
All of yours, let's go at once and then I'll somehow edit it out.
So that is kind of linear, because she'll be as a hard out in a minute and a half.
Three, two, one, all at once.
Check out.
Get what's the background.
Yes, I chose.
I have somebody who's a lot Gaston.
I know you're not a fan of Dungeons and Dragons.
I know you're a Gaston.
And then the inferior dungeon you'll show.
I should get some point.
Television shows.
Movie.
I hear anything.
I should fucking post.
There's something so just DM me, because I'm one way.
That was a hit them original.